Oh
[Music]
TV okay okay if I were omnipotent for a
day I would want world peace no more
hunger good thanks for the rainforests
and bigger boobs
oh so you took mine
Chandler what about you if I were
omnipotent for a day I'd make myself out
nipping it forever say there's always
one guy Vitae wish I wish me three more
wishes Kelly hey buddy
hey Joey what would you do if you're
omnipotent let me kill myself excuse me
hey if little Joey's dead that I got no
reason Joey I'm nificent you are
[Music]
no one told you that was gonna be this
way the job tell me about your way
ouch
[Music]
Oh
ah
[Music]
how does she do that I cannot sleep in a
public place
would you look at her she's so peaceful
it's okay you know you're just nodded
off again oh boy alone with you I got no
sleep last night what my grandmother has
this new boyfriend and they're both kind
of insecure and bad and death so they're
constantly like having to reassure each
other that they're having a good time
you have no idea how loud they are well
if you want you can stay with Rachel and
me tonight thanks ty then 697 see I told
you less than 100 steps from our place
to here you got way too much free time
hey there's the birthday boy Ross check
it out hockey tickets Rangers penguins
tonight at the garden and we're taking
you happy birthday pal we love you man
funny my birthday was seven months ago
so so I'm guessing you had an extra
ticket and couldn't decide which one of
you got to bring a date well aren't we
mr. the glass is half empty oh my god oh
good today the 20th October 20 well
what's hoping you wouldn't remember oh
what's wrong with the 28th 11 days
before Halloween all that good costumes
are gone
today's the day Carol and I first
consummated our physical relationship
and said you know what I better pass on
the game I think I'm just going to go
home and think about my ex-wife and our
lesbian lover the hell with hockey let's
all do that